and
comment following again following
I was not where I was around here I'm going to
talking to the stranger
it is being legal
I also ask you if marathon is
first, I can tell you later
I came to look for an employee of the theater of
work the paper came but he told me the
lady that I had no more
ok but why did you come just because you
You lied to diego told him you were with
francesca you can not stop doing
questions and answer me what I give you
ask, come on, tell me
I worry about you and wrong
two points saying if he is me
Following for the same'll talk
serious I do not want I do not want him to think
that you and me
and we have something because it is not like that
no no
I do not want you to have problems either
but if you look right now and see me
you tell the truth it's called forgetting and
you are in love with diego I am going to leave you
in peace I'm going away forever
for the eyes
you are in love with diego honestly
yes
if I'm
in love with diego
I was very happy as a lion you know
but now I am very happy with me too
and I need you to understand
I understand you
if you told me honestly you told me
I get it
I think the best thing is that you
his relationship with lara and
and that you forget about me and I will continue your
advice
Thank you
let's go now let's go to the rehears